Eligibility Criteria
Students must meet the eligibility criteria to qualify for the programme.  Do check the information on Allocation Criteria to familiarise yourself with the various factors that may affect your acceptance in the programme. 
Note that students are not allowed to go on exchange during their final semester unless approval is granted by their respective Schools. 
The eligibility criteria for semester study and research can be found below.

​Semester Study
To be eligible for GEM Explorer's Semester Study Programme, you need to: 
Be an active full-time NTU undergraduate
Have completed at least 2 semesters at NTU before the exchange semester
You must be at least in Year 2 Semester 1 when you embark on exchange. ie. You cannot be on exchange in your first year of study.
Check if you meet the minimum CGPA required by your School, please refer to the table below:

School​​​
Programme
Min. cGPA

College of Engineering 
​Sch​ool of Chemical and Biomedical Engineering - 3.3
School of Civil and Environmental Engineering - 3.3
School of Computer Science and Engineering - 3.3
School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering -3.3
School of Materials Science and Engineering - 3.3
School of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering - 3.3

College of Business
Nanyang Business School - 3.3

College of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences
School of Art, Design and Media - 3.3

School of ​Humanities - 3.3​​

​​School of Social Sciences - 3.3

Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information - 3.3

College of Science
School of Biological Sciences - 3.3

School of Physical and Mathematical Sciences - 3.3

The Asian School of the Environment - 3.3

National Institute of Education - 3.6

Sport Science and Management - 3.3​


Students must have a minimum CGPA of 3.3 and above when you apply. 
Apart from NTU’s minimum CPGA criteria, students must meet the CGPA required by the host university in order to participate in the programme.
For double-degree programme students, the programme with the higher CGPA will be considered.
​Have never been on an overseas exchange programme before
You can still apply for GEM Explorer even if you had previously been on fee-paying programmes like GEM Discoverer Prelude, GEM Discoverer Summer Studies, GEM Discoverer Language Immersion, or any Overseas Industrial Orientation/Industrial Attachment.
However, if you had been on an overseas exchange programme, you would not be eligible to apply for GEM Explorer Programmes. Refer to Allocation Criteria for more information.

Research
To be eligible for GEM Explorer's Research Programme, you need to: 
Be an active full-time NTU undergraduate
Be from either College of Engineering or College of Science
Have met all attachment and internship pre-requisites
Check if you meet the minimum CGPA required by your School, refer to the table above. 
Students must have a minimum CGPA of 3.3 and above when you apply.
Students must maintain the minimum CGPA required by NTU and the host university.
For double-degree programme students, the programme with the higher CGPA shall be considered.
Have not completed any local attachment/internship
Have never been on an overseas exchange programme before
You can still apply for GEM Explorer even if you had previously been on fee-paying programmes like GEM Discoverer Prelude, GEM Discoverer Summer Studies, GEM Discoverer Language Immersion, or any Overseas Industrial Orientation/Industrial Attachment.
However, if you had been on an overseas exchange programme (tuition fee waiver), you would not be eligible to apply for GEM Explorer Programmes. Refer to Allocation Criteria for more information.
​